Alyse: hard on me, please. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Are you're in the baby's room.
Alyse: Oh, I'm loving her, and that's the baby's room. Nice place we live in living room. I sleep on the couch says my house.
Alyse: Because they don't see what our budget. It's so hard for me to get up at
Alyse: Whatever. Time is of the morning in a bed that I'm not used to being in anymore and feed babies. You know, I mean, and not drop them because you know that's what I like to do. I'm just joking. I don't like to do that. But, you know, like it happen, so it's easier for me to like just
Alyse: Get up on
Alyse: A what
Richelle Direny: I said, sleep deprivation is room.
Alyse: Yeah, it's always like, I mean, last night, they were like they got up twice. Like I had a material bottle at 11 and then they were up at like four ish or something 334
Alyse: And then up know they robbed maybe before that it wasn't too bad. But still, like what you have in it, sleeping so long that should I mean that's still sucks.
Alyse: Like I could sleep right life away for about, like, a week and probably still not be caught up on sleep.
Alyse: We got
We got her
Richelle Direny: Happy Baby
Alyse: Yeah, I read
Alyse: That train
Richelle Direny: Oh, she's which one is the one that I guess wasn't holding your head up or whatever it was that the
Alyse: Debts summer. That's the other one. She's doing really she's doing better, but
Alyse: I'm supposed to have the lady from
Alyse: Like physical therapy come today they're finally get that appointment done and over with hopefully
Alyse: I have an appointment today with a
Alyse: Align centers of America, whenever it's like a
Alyse: Place that does stuff, specifically with your back and and whatnot. I can't live like I'm in so much be there anymore. It's ridiculous. You know,
Alyse: You're here for a minute. So I can do this.
Alyse: Just for a second, just for a second.
Alyse: So turn he talked to her. She'll. She'll be just fine.
Alyse: Oh, look at you.
Alyse: Let me find out.
Richelle Direny: Oh my god.
Richelle Direny: I spoke with your worker, the other day.
Alyse: Oh, the new one.
Alyse: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: I asked her, I said I thought the case was closed.
Alyse: Well,
Richelle Direny: Your original work for one to have a baby.
Alyse: Know, I think she quit because her worker, the lady who was like the big lady.
Alyse: And I've had dealt with us at before, because I've had prior case open because of things.
Alyse: She's ready for Bob from a Bumbo
Richelle Direny: They're often today. Yeah.
Alyse: I'll tell. I'll tell you later what it is. I gotta let me do this.
Alyse: And, sorry.
Alyse: So the main like the head worker lady she
Alyse: They passed her up on a promotion for a promotion, that would have been perfect for her and what she does. You know what I mean. So she's like, I'm going to show you guys. Screw you, I quit. Well, I mean, there's a lot of people in that place that like
Alyse: That work under her that like love this woman.
Alyse: Originally, my, my team will play. Do I care more relaxing. I don't remember.
Richelle Direny: I think so. Okay. Okay.
Richelle Direny: When I asked your worker who Paul, so I thought you know she, the case is closed and who is she said no, she went on, I thought she said maternity leave, but I guess I could be wrong.
Alyse: I'm so she came by the house the other day.
Alyse: And
Alyse: It so happened that well i think a lot of this summer's I can't talk about
Alyse: What
Alyse: put her down for a minute, not that big of a deal then put her down.
Alyse: So much pain.
Alyse: So when this all like transpired with the hospital and everything I had been a lot of in my system. So she told me she said
Alyse: Just get medical marijuana card, you know, late to the state because you have to have documented documented pain problems or whatever in my back so screwed up that
Alyse: I can just go get all my papers from my doctor and take them to the doctor there and I get a card, you know, automatically, and she's like, well, we want you to just to have one on record, just in case anything. You know what I mean, like,
Alyse: In case there's ever a time way down the road where something was to happen when the case was over there and you had in your system. We could say you are prescribed by a doctor and I thought, you know what I mean.
Alyse: So I was like okay well I guess that's what I needed to get to do
Richelle Direny: But how does that relate to what you're taking now. No.
Alyse: No, that's nothing. That's this is not a problem that's not a problem. Either there's really not a problem.
Alyse: Oh, but because the case.
Alyse: Open prior. Yeah, because there was a prior remove this is why this all happened like this one have been like this if it was
Alyse: If I never had a prior prior removal before like a couple of years back when I started taking my, I have to try to talk a certain way because the kids around, you know, sorry.
Alyse: When I decided to take the turn the right turn down the right road years back, while my parents didn't at the time and they so decided to do what they were going to do was so while I was in soberly. My mother lead
Alyse: And they went to the state was going to take us to the of my son from them and that's when they decided to take the right road.
Alyse: You know, I mean, so
Richelle Direny: You're that you have now.
Alyse: What
Richelle Direny: Is Xavier. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. First, your first child was adopted out
Alyse: No, no, my it's my second son, he was father
Richelle Direny: Oh, he was so he had just his father just has four
Alyse: I guess. Yeah. Like we broke up and he kept him and then told me that he had moved way far away where I couldn't find him, you know, and get to him, but they didn't. They move like three blocks from where they used to live.
Alyse: And then he sent all of the papers for our divorce to the wrong address, even though it's documented, you know, even though. Like, I've had
Alyse: Like, like he knows how to find me. He knew where my parents live
Alyse: I
Richelle Direny: See that some at all.
Alyse: What
Richelle Direny: You don't see that son at all.
Alyse: No, not, not right now.
Alyse: Not right now. And a lawyer. I used to get all this custody stuff done.
Alyse: With Xavier. I don't know what happened to him or show. I don't know if he passed away. I don't know because I've tried to contact and called the times he's number like contact me back like we sold him money from like the case with my son, and he's never like in
Alyse: There's not an office that I know we just met him down like at the juvenile center.
Alyse: Like cannot find this way. And so I don't know if he stopped practicing. I don't know what happened.
Richelle Direny: I mean, but if you owe him money and he's all he can do. Then
Alyse: Yeah, that yeah and that's like $500 so if he was alive.
Alyse: But I don't mean it like that. So if something has happened to him.
Alyse: You know, God bless your soul, but at the same time, it's like, well, I'm not going to chase after you no longer because
Richelle Direny: You want your money. You don't want your money, you know, so, so how is the How did everything
Richelle Direny: How is everything going with the school.
Alyse: Oh, so
Alyse: Let's see. Where do we start that had to bounce back and forth between school and school
Did you go
Richelle Direny: To
Alyse: When you attend yeah yeah and and and and with her. It's not a problem. It's, it's Xavier that I'm having a problem with
Alyse: We kind of like we we talked, and we did what we did was with her and kind of did like a scary thing like Bader thought she was going to get like suspended for like two weeks.
Alyse: Because she was very close with that principle, you know, they mean she's very close with
Richelle Direny: You said that she got in a fight.
Alyse: So it started off that she's on $20 and traded and then scroll wanted to trade their credit card that her mom gives her for some reason for this $20. So she comes home with a credit card.
Alyse: That is used whatever she takes, you know, we get it all figured out to the school, whatever. And then she started posting things on Tick tock like Connor pitch.
Alyse: And stuff like that. And it was like
Alyse: Okay, now we have new United mean I was going to afford far because even though it's outside of school that's so boring. You know what I mean. So that should that a joke.
Alyse: So,
Alyse: You know I assistant principal that deals with these kids like she's very close both so you know basically
Alyse: Like he you know he had her understand that. Listen, you've lost my trash kind of thing and so on and so forth.
Alyse: But ever since then she's been doing better. She has been doing great, great, you know, I mean, I've had sit down with a teacher and a counselor about a class and other than their things good
Alyse: It's mine said I'm having a problem with and I just don't understand anymore, Rochelle. He's at the state where he's like he's a miserable little boy. He really is. He it's like I i feel like he thinks I owe him something in life. You know what I mean, like,
Alyse: He's so miserable because I he says I don't love him because I guess his understanding is, we don't leave and go places and do things together. So that means I don't love him, of course.
Alyse: But he, but, you know, last week, he was like I said something about. He said, I'm gonna kill myself. And I'm thinking, first of all, part of me is like second of us like because like suicide. I mean, I guess can say runs in my family. I've had numerous family members.
Richelle Direny: cry for attention.
Alyse: Yeah. Did you
Richelle Direny: Notice that it became more where he started acting out more after the babies were born.
Alyse: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And the thing is, it's like, I mean he's always had this mouth, and he always decides he wants to talk to me like I'm a piece of shit constantly. This is a horrible thing.
Alyse: That hasn't changed. It's just this outlook in this attitude and he's like, you know, Oh, I hate people. I don't want to be around people so that
Alyse: Lead to them to act. However, in school. I've had to sit down with teachers because He's disrespectful and he's not getting worked on these honestly if he sees that and it's like
Alyse: I, I tried to like I'm, I'm actually going to send him the school tomorrow with his social and his information. Um, so you can do counseling.
Richelle Direny: Does the counseling come to the house where they meet with you.
Alyse: Well they I can. It's a school, which is like a couple shoots away from me. So I basically I go there and talk to her, you know, I mean, I've talked to her on the phone, a couple times it's through like Ohio guides, though, which is its own
Alyse: Its own like thing around here. You know, it's like a service for people
Alyse: And I'm gonna let him do that. It makes me nervous because it's like, oh God was going to come out of his mouth. You know, I mean like
Alyse: 11 years old, he doesn't understand that some things can get people in trouble that that I would think you would try to get in trouble. And I don't know what his perspective is of things sometimes, you know, but like
Richelle Direny: But like I said, remember, even when you were going through what you were going through with your fiance and the babies. You have to, I mean you can be fearful of what because I mean children.
Richelle Direny: Children will say whatever you understand, especially when they're frustrated
Richelle Direny: When they don't they don't understand the repercussions of the things that they say and how we can impact their people. And so sometimes
Richelle Direny: I mean, if you were supposed to live your life in fear of what they're going to say, then you, you become a hermit, you will never want to send them anywhere because you're fearful I'm children are smart to children, they will say things
Richelle Direny: Because they want some type of drama in their own way of what they see us sometimes they will do that.
Alyse: Yeah, he ever been to that was her he did the counseling with her and she went to school and told them all kinds of stuff.
Alyse: And, uh, however, would have already happened to be called TPS I remember something
Alyse: But that I've already talked to her. And they're like, Listen, we go through this like a grain of salt. Like we understand it's coming out of 11 year old smile. You know what I mean. We kind of dig into things, and I'll be sure to let them know
Alyse: You know beforehand life for him and what it was like in that the, you know what I mean. And let them understand he's not well my child.
Richelle Direny: Will always have to look at it, it's like it. Sometimes it
Richelle Direny: And I think it's just kind of like the misconception that people have and just kind of the negative part of once he gets involved in your life. Everybody just looks at the negative part and not necessarily the positive part because
Richelle Direny: I'm you know i've been i've had families. I've worked with families who the kid like will say, you know, like that show that used to call on yours go keep. Say the Darndest Things
Alyse: Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well, I think it still does it. Now with with Tiffany had ish but but it's just like the kids will say things and
Richelle Direny: They are truth there. There's some with some children there is truth to it because then
Richelle Direny: They open up and it's nice and then you find out way more than then every that everybody was trying to cover up for that was going on with the child.
Richelle Direny: But then there are other times where it is a cry for help and I worked with a family where it was like that. Um, so you just have to kind of meet the child, where they're at and with your son, a lot of it seems like more of attention behavior.
Richelle Direny: And I talked about it in the past about giving his history with you for your time with action being removed from you live them with grandma and grandpa.
Richelle Direny: Their own on addiction and just so he has a lot of pent up frustration and anger and he's just using it now as a way, because that's what they will do you will kind of use it to some degree as a way to try to get away with his behavior.
Richelle Direny: And just to just say, Hey, listen, you
Richelle Direny: Know you can, you know, it's one thing that we've had our history, and we've had it. But if we work through it. You're not going to try to use it. We tried to get away with the things that you want to get away with not
Richelle Direny: And even if he goes to counsel and I think that it would. It's nice for him to go to counseling.
Richelle Direny: Um, and you to kind of do like a drop in here and there. But remember, you're doing your own thing. So even if he said something in you know somebody wants to get real Gideon call CPS again.
Richelle Direny: They are oftentimes, like I said, it can be open and shut case, they'll come in, they'll do their investigation and they'll be like, Okay, well, there's nothing here to continue because like you said.
Richelle Direny: The real thorough ones they go through all the time. And the problem is on honestly Elise and I know we're on a borderline and everything. But the problem is, I mean, I think, as a society, we've given children way to autonomy.
Richelle Direny: Were any little thing that is said and done it.
Richelle Direny: All oh my god like they're bringing in the Calvary.
Alyse: And
Richelle Direny: Know that, and this is what you have to contend with. I mean, I have children of my own, and having an open dialogue with your children is very important to some degree open dialogue that you're not gonna
Richelle Direny: You know, have adult conversations with them, but having an open dialogue, because you'll be surprised what they teach them in
Richelle Direny: You'll be surprised what the into the what they they empower them with in school and I noticed because my children come home in the town. So, you know, that is, you know, can see one little work. Oh, my teachers. And you can see that because then
Alyse: Oh, yeah.
Alyse: Yeah, it is all big thing is talent to be challenged you guys gonna be like, I'm gonna be like, you know, I like I'm about to bust your ass. But, you know, I've never
Alyse: They can never known. What I heard is other, other than HIM HURTING himself. You know what I mean. But it's always been my thing. Like, just how it wasn't my parents probably that's how they used to get me scare the shit out of me. All time with their words.
Alyse: And he's like, That's child abuse. Unlike child abuse is locking you in a in a closet for, you know, a month with no light and little food mean within your ass is not child abuse. You're my son B.
Richelle Direny: And C and but see the thing is, again, they're they're taught that in school, but then it's like you said, it's
Richelle Direny: having that conversation.
Richelle Direny: And educating them.
About certain
Richelle Direny: Music As trigger words to say, Oh, you can't speak to me or you can't say, A, B, or C to me because it's always kind of like a miss.
Richelle Direny: Misguided words and just just not having real understanding of this one. Again, not to say that there are not children that's out there, abuse, and when the light is shining
Richelle Direny: Then really find out there is a whole lot more to the story. Now with all of that said with the children accident, which is what I alluded to.
Richelle Direny: When he told me about what was going on with your, your daughter, your daughter.
Richelle Direny: It's also remember you and like, how is you inherit relationship now because I know like he goes out and drinking them her mom is doing her own thing. So it's just kind of like a whole so convoluted situation that's going on. Like how is the relationship between you and him now and
Alyse: It was somewhat okay and then they got bad again and I I don't even know. I don't keep track anymore. I'm just miserable because I'm in the house all the time with kids. I don't go anywhere. I don't do anything like
Alyse: Weeks and weeks been told, or no do something. Never happens like
Alyse: sorry if I sound like I'm like selfish or whatever but like I need some goddamn time to myself like this isn't okay anymore. And I'm starting to lose my piano solo
Alyse: Like, and then I have all this other shit going on. It's just like, Come on, man. When do I get a goddamn break
Alyse: Like, I know that it's not like mothers get breaks all the time was, whatever. But like, I'm taking care of to the Barbies on top of for their children. And you do nothing but sit down. Sit down. Do time
Alyse: Today, so I have to watch right
Richelle Direny: It's a house full of people
Alyse: Who just what I needed today. Don't you know
Richelle Direny: There's your max will combine
Alyse: Yeah, but they've been handfuls during the day, like they're getting to the point we're not sleeping, you know, all time anymore. They're up
Alyse: And it's, it's hard. It's hard for me. It's hard for me little, you know, it's hard for me to. So I'm still weasel around doing this that cleaning that doing this, whether healthy, you know,
Alyse: So,
Richelle Direny: You tried like having like
Richelle Direny: Trying to find one for yourself like
Alyse: I mean like today. I'm putting clothes on and I'm disappearing for a couple hours, period. Like, I don't care if you like it if you don't like it, you know, it's just
Alyse: I don't care anymore when people start to care about at least. And I'll start to care get until then everybody can go to hell.
Alyse: I'll be selfish. So this time.
Richelle Direny: If he had plans to leave won't go anywhere. Did you have a conversation with
Alyse: Me mean he knows like this as women thing like we were supposed to go somewhere like months ago when I was still pregnant.
Alyse: So don't over three months. If you put it in retrospect, like it's been months and months and months.
Alyse: Valentine's Day got, like, you know, the Samsung watch got a ring guard can be an altar card but LinkedIn doesn't
Alyse: Have it all back just you know yeah like by me gifts. So uses a lot like he went out on Friday named it from home, so six cards.
Richelle Direny: On Valentine's Day.
Yeah.
Alyse: You left the next day.
Alyse: I know
Alyse: What yeah I like a ring. I got this the Newseum said watch normal with my phone.
Alyse: And all like $200 altar card.
Alyse: Roses a box of candy, but it's like take you can take all that back.
Alyse: And then it's like, oh, now, right now I see why their presence or 97 gifts are nice. Thank you. I worked very hard and it's like I'm not
Richelle Direny: I'm spent his whole lot better than
Alyse: Yeah yeah
Alyse: And like I love my kids I knew I love. I try to love doing all this all the time, but it's like
Alyse: It gets overwhelming. It really does. I mean, how can you not love they cute will be very dear.
Richelle Direny: Rain right
Alyse: Yeah, that's right. Some are still asleep on
Alyse: Rainy Baeza
Richelle Direny: But then are you getting home with the kids.
Alyse: No really, no.
Alyse: And now, like when one of the kids are sick. So you've been fortunately downstairs. For the past three days.
Alyse: And I mean, you've done on the laundry. Thanks I appreciate it.
Alyse: Like a shallow
Alyse: Get your sexy girl.
Alyse: Yeah, yeah, they are on autumn spend down here with he sleeps down here on the weekend to help me with that, like in the mornings and stuff.
Richelle Direny: That's you're stuck on
Alyse: The oldest know the middle. Yeah.
Alyse: It's just
Alyse: Me.
Alyse: It doesn't to me. It's like, I mean, I don't know if it sounds horrible. But like you can give me all the help in the world, but no time to myself.
Richelle Direny: A hard to see the appreciation. When you're exhausted.
Richelle Direny: They're kind of everything. It is. It is hard to see the appreciation and value appreciation. Yeah, you're, you're one
Richelle Direny: But, but when your mom comes by and she's hanging out. And so you try to go in
Richelle Direny: Get some time for yourself.
Alyse: I mean, I try
Alyse: That's really
Alyse: Sad appreciation comes in because I get out of this house for two hours. But the moment I stepped back in and I'm still better
Alyse: You know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: What specifically would you like like and have you say to that what is
Alyse: It the
Alyse: hotel room for three days with no children around and I would be overwhelmingly happy. I just want to be away from kids. I don't mean that in a bad way.
Richelle Direny: I got it.
Alyse: I don't, but it's just like
Alyse: I'm in a house with sick children or wait five know six children all the time.
Alyse: You know, I mean, always breakfast, lunch, dinner, and there's that I need this, I need that take me here. Listen, let's listen. Let's one call this one stupid or idiot. I just want to get away.
Alyse: I mean, to me it's like we get to get our, you know, you can get away when you don't come home for eight hours or whatever it is that
Alyse: I
Alyse: Don't want
Richelle Direny: To say it isn't.
Richelle Direny: It's like, don't feel bad about how you feel right now. Don't feel bad about you know the feeling of wanting some time alone because the reality is
Richelle Direny: We do whether we have one kid to kid. I mean, you have six it is that is that that is a lot of mommy, mommy, mommy, mommy, mommy, I mean, hey, I don't have six kids book one saying, money, money, money, money, money, it's just like, oh my god.
Richelle Direny: Um, well.
Richelle Direny: I definitely understand what you're saying.
Richelle Direny: I got it and don't feel
Richelle Direny: Like you shouldn't feel that way or thinking that way.
Richelle Direny: But again,
Richelle Direny: It's being intentional about finding and saying, Hey, listen.
Richelle Direny: I have to get out of here. I have to. However, it is you keep the kids and I'm leaving, I'm leaving for whether it's a few hours or half a day just to be able to breathe.
Richelle Direny: Right. I mean, I know I remember after I had my
Richelle Direny: I want to say my last child.
Richelle Direny: I remember going back to work full time and you're like, how does it feel when I'm like, What are you talking about, I'm on vacation.
Richelle Direny: It's, it's, I got, I get it.
Alyse: Go take some Tylenol, you don't have a fever really
Alyse: Sorry.
Alyse: Sorry, I didn't hear. Whatever you just said.
Richelle Direny: No, I was saying, I definitely get it and I was saying that after I had my last child. I remember going back to work and someone asking me, How do you feel. And I said, I'm on vacation.
Alyse: Yeah, for
Richelle Direny: Eight hours I'm on vacation.
Alyse: Like, I wish I had a nine to five. Sometimes, I really do.
Alyse: But you've already gone
Alyse: Because now it's like we got one steak and then he sick and I'm trying to make sure these two don't get sick and I don't get sick because I'm so sorry if I get sick.
Alyse: You know, you can take everybody likes to act like I don't do anything around here or I nothing but you'll see when I can't move and can do nothing for everybody, how much I'm really worth that people
Alyse: What about
Richelle Direny: What about your sister.
Alyse: She started work today.
Alyse: Oh, she has a job yeah I'm so happy for her.
Alyse: She was working through Amazon up here. Well, she got a job to Amazon to a temp agency, but they'd given her instead of her hiring him to hold on what
Alyse: You can read it. Okay, take some Tylenol.
Alyse: And drink some water.
Alyse: Yeah, she got hired and cover your mouth, please.
Alyse: She got a job to Amazon. They hired her the cleaning place for Amazon like hired her in
Alyse: But right after Christmas, they let everybody go
Alyse: And she luckily for the first time in her life found somebody who seems to be a pretty decent guy when she was working there. And they've been going out for a little bit.
Alyse: And they both got fired at the same time, you know, like they let everybody go so um she
Alyse: We have something called the human arc around here on. It's like a company that does like
Alyse: I don't know, they help you whenever shall cry. Listen, Mackenzie crying isn't going to make anything better. Okay. You haven't felt good for days.
Alyse: Take you need some time on on your system. You haven't taken Tylenol sent yesterday.
Alyse: Now what do you take Tylenol.
Alyse: In the morning, yeah that's yesterday, for the most part, so
Alyse: Please take some Tylenol.
Alyse: She's that she's had a fever and Saturday. So she's Tylenol on break it. I'm in town. I would break it. But it comes right back so
Richelle Direny: Because you're supposed to. Are you are you doing every four hours Tao Nolan motion.
Alyse: No, I'm just doing it on
Richelle Direny: That's what breaks it. It's so let's say she takes the like the monitoring is
Alyse: Eight hours right yeah yeah so you can
Alyse: You can overlap them.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so you have, if you take the multi now four hours from now you will take the Tylenol. And then at the end of the eight hours, which would be the next four hours, you will take the motoring. So that's what I learned when
Richelle Direny: I think one of my kids. And that's what the doctor told me, you, you, you, you switch them up motoring Tyler Hamilton. Turns out, and that's what breaks it
Richelle Direny: taking a little break it.
Alyse: Yeah, because I'm like
Alyse: She's been taking Tylenol for too long. Now I. To me, this is
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And how long has it been going on.
Alyse: She got sick Saturday.
Alyse: And today's Monday. So, Saturday, Sunday today, then
Richelle Direny: So I mean after today if it's like if it's still things for high, then you'll take it to the doctor.
Alyse: Lot. Maybe I should go. I'm gonna go with the motor and then and then start doing that, then
Alyse: So I've ever Tylenol right now.
Alyse: Because I I like at the hospital, they'll give you Tylenol motoring the same time.
Richelle Direny: They know they give it to you. And I think that's where I learned to it's from the hospital. Listen, I paid for the biggest bill for a motor in one year. My child was sick.
Richelle Direny: And I remember it because I went to the hospital because my just the same thing you were going through with the, the high fever.
Richelle Direny: My son, he, he would. That's how he can see he just has a very high fever, and it wasn't breaking it was going on, continuously and I was doing the same exact thing. And I gave the Pete, I went to the emergency room. They gave them Voltron. And all of a sudden people went away.
Richelle Direny: Really
Alyse: I'm like I'm you know I'm aware of some old generally click done because I can't, I can't.
Richelle Direny: And that's what they told me from there it was from then was that you do it every four hours Moultrie time on and that breaks it
Alyse: Okay, well I guess that'll be my thing to do, once I get off the phone with you.
Alyse: Because I i know i know that they give you like I've always even in the hospital for whatever they give you like town all the giving motor and whatever back right so screwed up.
Alyse: Sorry.
Alyse: Ridiculous.
Alyse: Yeah.
Alyse: I know about the town hall emotional thing. I just didn't think that it was. You know what I mean, like, whatever. So
Alyse: I think
Richelle Direny: If the fever persist after three days I think of you doing that, then you have to take them so
Alyse: I'll make sure I programs.
Alyse: Because, because, like, if I give a Tylenol now within an hour that fever won't be a fever. It'll break. It's good.
Richelle Direny: But then it comes back.
Alyse: Yep. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So and so
Richelle Direny: The same thing because I'm like, oh, it's gone. But then it comes right back. And if you'll notice that it seems like at night. It's when the fever coming back and it's
Alyse: It so whatever
Richelle Direny: When you're if you notice when you're sick. When do you feel worst
Alyse: Of the worst in the morning and at night.
Alyse: At night.
Richelle Direny: I don't know what is it about the barometric pressure or whatever they say, but it's something at night that makes you feel worse. But, um, but you have to do the town on Voltron every four hours each until the end. Then you'll notice that it will completely break
Alyse: Okay, well, I'll make sure I go with Simone turn after that's done so by by tonight. Hopefully it'll break, break, I mean, because it's a low grade temperature. Now, I mean, she was at 103 like Saturday night, you know, but she just got the bathtub to so that didn't help.
Richelle Direny: Of course not.
Alyse: I mean, the highest had been like 102.1 and then last night. It was at 100 100 points something
Alyse: You can do you can do. And of course,
Alyse: Those 100.3 Saturday night when you go out the bathtub. It has not been that high.
Alyse: Oh,
Alyse: Hundred point three.
Alyse: Characteristic or not just done.
Richelle Direny: Like sometimes like in some. One of the things like you know kind of all was killed. What, when they're really, really warm at night. I've done, um, the more I mean I'm the biggest fan of mo trend.
Richelle Direny: But then if you get like they're really, really warm. I feel like you're really, really warm. You get a rag.
Richelle Direny: I did rag and if you put it on them and for whatever reason, it sucks because then to drag the regulars dry.
Alyse: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Whatever reason, it pulls the heat out how it doesn't. I don't know, or
Richelle Direny: Or you could use vixen rub them down before they go to bed.
Alyse: Michelle Okay. Okay. All right, listen, I'm going to tell you it's nine o'clock in the morning. You just woke up, you're not going to feel good right now you have an n Tylenol and you since last night. You always feel worse in the morning.
Alyse: You need to eat your food, get some Tylenol. Go lay back down. What
Alyse: Yeah, there is. There's a whole nother bottle.
Alyse: Bottle right here, just some tomboy lay down and then when I'm off the phone. I will go get you some motoring and will back and forth with that. I guarantee you'll you'll break then and stay broken what
Alyse: We are what
Alyse: Everything's gonna hurt, everything's gonna hurt. You're sick, you're sick on the everything's gonna hurt.
Alyse: Uh huh.
Alyse: Go, you're going to give you this human go lay down
Alyse: Sorry, so
Alyse: I was like I was thinking, the other day I went looked at my messages. I'm like, Okay, I know that we're supposed to be meeting. And then I realized it was Monday. And I'm like, I think she got that wrong. And I was like, well, I guess I'll see you Thursday, and then you messaged me this morning.
Alyse: Was not yet danger of the San Diego has been in there.
Alyse: And you're not going to
Alyse: Go lay down. Okay, I'm so sorry. And I'm really not trying to get pissed off at you, but it's about to happen know take this, take this. Hold on, Rochelle because
Hello.
Alyse: Sorry.
Alyse: She's that she's being way overdramatic about this. I mean, she's up yesterday, playing around throwing balls playing on the bed. You know what I mean, like,
Richelle Direny: It's, it's
Alyse: Yeah I know she doesn't feel good and I get it, but it's like, I can't, like, where shall I am
Alyse: I feel bad because I'm just so am I limit with everybody like you don't. I wish you understood how he felt inside
Alyse: Like I'm so angry. I want to cry. But I'm like crying because I'm not gonna cry. I'm not gonna let you guys know I'm just going to be a complete bitch all time because that's just how I feel inside. I am so overwhelmed with English like I'm so angry inside angry.
Alyse: Angry at everybody in everything. I like the most bitterest person anymore because I'm just so overwhelmed.
Richelle Direny: So when you're in and it's not good to feel that way because
Richelle Direny: The more it builds up the more eventually without you even realizing it unintentionally. It's kind of like
Richelle Direny: You have a soda bottle you keep shaking it up. You keep shaking up it's building up all that pressure and without you popping the cover or whatever it was going to explode because it needs to release that pressure, it needs to release all of that and so
Richelle Direny: You will to sit him down and just letting always
Richelle Direny: This is how I'm feeling. I'm really overwhelmed.
Richelle Direny: I'm not saying I don't want to be here for the kids. But right now I need a break.
Richelle Direny: If you can, so friendly. Please help me especially like you said, when the kids are sick. You're right.
Richelle Direny: When the kids are sick, they are really just going to go to you for whatever that naturally everybody kind of gravitates to mom mom is the healer. The fixer she figured everything out. She knows exactly what's wrong. She has the right touch. She has the right
Richelle Direny: I remember when my daughter was younger and she would have stomach cramps literally Elise, you know what I would do.
Richelle Direny: would raise my hand and personally and the pain is gone. Seriously, we mean
Alyse: Jesus
Richelle Direny: What do you mean, she was like, just, just put your hand there. That's it. And now it's gone, it's gone. You move the hand, it comes back, but you put your hand back there. You understand in their mind, everything is okay because you are there. And so in the family plays such an important role.
Richelle Direny: And they they want you for everything you are the answer to everything. And so, it pulls your and it pulls everything out of you. But what you're saying, which all women who are mothers in a relationship to I need to go and kind of recuperate
Richelle Direny: I need some time to kind of unwind and we strengthen get that my energy everything, but they don't see them. They just see is your the I'm hungry, I'm hungry. Okay I step out there. There's nothing to eat. Okay, that is sitting right there wire.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Really, yeah. That makes no sense. Um, I can't
Richelle Direny: Find my socks are go look in the dry looked. What do you mean, what is sitting right there, baby, see you as
Alyse: Cancer to
Richelle Direny: To have the event. If you go in and it's being mindful of your presentation because then he taken on the defense and he saying, Well, I never told them to go to. You are never told him to do this.
Richelle Direny: But then you're not necessarily presenting that you can help. And if they're coming to me for everything in your city right there.
Richelle Direny: You're not redirecting them in saying, but I'm right here, why are you calling me. Why are you going to hurt you can come to me. I am sitting right here, but you have to, you have to
Richelle Direny: Let him know. Listen, this is really true, how I am feeling that is in this is the thing.
Richelle Direny: If we ever really truly stop.
Richelle Direny: To understand when you hear women out there.
Richelle Direny: Let the script and they go in, they hurt, everybody. We just like how she felt horrible why she this and why she has anybody ever stopped to say
Who was there.
Richelle Direny: When she kept saying, I need help. I'm
Alyse: Although what happened that made her do that like
Alyse: What I do, I can, I can understand because
Alyse: It's like I know what it feels like at this point.
Richelle Direny: So there was years ago your
Alyse: There was this
Richelle Direny: Woman who
Richelle Direny: She had I think she had five children, and he was five children and you know she killed them.
Richelle Direny: But then, you know, everybody was looking at her, like, How dare she does that, that's a horrible. Why would she do that to all these children. So because of, you know, being in the counseling profession. Sometimes they make you go to the seminar when you set and you listen to the backstory.
Richelle Direny: What led up to that day.
Richelle Direny: You realize how many people are held accountable, because there were the signs. There were the who was there. It was mom.
Richelle Direny: Dad, who worked was always out of the house. She always with the children then you had mom would come in very seldom then you had Dr. All of this information was here and there. Just say old take this medication, but who was truly there to say, Mom.
Richelle Direny: Why don't you go take a nap. I will keep the kids.
Richelle Direny: Especially in it and it makes it even that much harder when you are a stay at home mom taking care of all these children with zero break
Richelle Direny: You. It's almost like you like you go blank and then not because now you are just so overwhelmed, you're so tired, you're so exhausted. You see nothing else, like you said,
Richelle Direny: You are so angry on the inside your soul over everything that's going on. Eventually, it's kind of like a blank out and now you act.
Richelle Direny: So then you have to sit and you have to say hey listen tell the children. Hey, you guys go do whatever find something to do. Take your sisters
Richelle Direny: They're fed if they're asleep or even put the babies to sleep. Tell everybody to do their own thing and you have a heart to heart with peril and let me know.
Richelle Direny: I need a break. I appreciate that you give me all these gifts. I appreciate the $200 Alta car. But you know what that $200 could have been paid at a hotel for me to just go and stay for two days. I need some time away I need if you want me to be my best self.
Richelle Direny: To you are the children. I need to get away.
Alyse: Yeah, like it didn't at the end of all this, and I feel like I'm the bad guy because I'm the one that needs to be that because
Alyse: What kind of mother needs to get away from their kids. What kind of mother needs a break from their house. What kind of
Alyse: Like you know i mean like nobody understands
Richelle Direny: But then you put it back. Okay, well, what kind of father who just okay you leave, you go to work and you come home and the minute they say that that that that do run away. Why would you run away.
Richelle Direny: My the point of the matter is, you cannot feel guilty, the kind of mother loves her kids to know when she has gotten to the point where she's no longer effective and she needs some time away to just breathe.
Alyse: Yeah, that's, I feel like I feel like I'm not worth anything right now because I'm just so in such a dark place because I was so angry and so overwhelmed.
Richelle Direny: And that's just
Richelle Direny: If that question is asked you answer it. HONESTLY THE KIND OF MOTHER THAT LOVES her family enough to say I need to step away how I am feeling inside. It's no good for me or for anybody else I need
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and that's the reality of it. There is the same, that it takes a village to raise children. There is a reason why they have that same. Yeah.
Alyse: It's true.
Richelle Direny: We can't one person just cannot do it effectively you need someone to come and say hey you know what go
Richelle Direny: I remember when as a first time mom, a friend of mine came over and she was just going to sleep, and I will keep the baby.
Richelle Direny: The same way you feel you feel guilty, you don't necessarily enjoy it. So then you sit and you hang out because you feel bad. I mean, if I knew then what I know now, I would have been like here, now I'm
Richelle Direny: Out of fear.
Richelle Direny: Is because the person is giving you the opportunity to say, go take a long shower, if that's what you
Richelle Direny: Do whatever it is that should do. Just relax. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: If you have to just be intentional, I hear you talk a lot about your mom and your sister. Does he have family members that can come in and help
Know,
Richelle Direny: You the only child.
Alyse: No, he has other ones, one that just doesn't
Alyse: But no.
Alyse: Thank you, his family. Well, I mean I my family's not like his name was not like my family, my family like his family and I say family, but I'm really me, my mom and my sister, like I'm not talking about like cousins and aunts and stuff like that. You know what I mean.
Alyse: To know he has like some media. No, no, no.
Richelle Direny: And and like even like on a time like this. I know the kids are home it's thinking about what it has been a good idea. Do you guys like a Boys and Girls Club or something that the kids could have gone to for the day.
Alyse: Yeah, like, I mean,
Alyse: I wish I was a mother. Again, like I was really good, like a couple like a year back or so like during the summertime, at least everyday taking them somewhere or going to the park or going to hear their, things like that. You don't need
Alyse: And most things still would involve one of us having to go anyways. It was him being under the weather, but the other one. I mean, he's sick, I guess.
Alyse: You know, and then me I am it's we still have snow out here. So I'm not, you know, like the beans only been out like one other time other than to get their ears beers like out in public. They never
Alyse: In three months. They've been out like four times. You know, so I don't take them out and things like that. I know you know i'm i'm getting here, whatever, and then
Alyse: I don't know. I mean, I guess it would be nice to probably take them.
Alyse: Even if I was like, hey, love to go. We're going to go across the street to the rec center that we have here.
Alyse: But a little one would be able to go because he has to have a parent with them, you know, and then go swim, and then you know the probably other two would go just to want to go because I'm going or something, you know,
Alyse: I mean, that's like the type of, like, like I think I might have like I at least want to try to do it right. The best I can, as a parent, with these two girls because I never did it right with my two boys, you know, I mean,
Alyse: And it's like,
Alyse: I want to be that mom that it's like has all this stuff planned to do every day or throughout the week and
Alyse: This that or whatever in that way. And then it's like, Come on, at least let's get practical. You know what you mean.
Richelle Direny: To say, okay, real
Alyse: Yeah, like like this isn't how it's really going to be in life you know I mean by at least
Richelle Direny: Not for you. It's not because I tell you I'm not
Richelle Direny: Sure.
Alyse: If
Richelle Direny: You will have to what is your like work within
Richelle Direny: The within your own way. There are people out there that they have like everything down to
Richelle Direny: When they have this plan and that plan, they're going to go to the table and they're going to do this and they're going to do that.
Richelle Direny: Alarm for people like that. That's just their personality. Number one, that's just feel personality that's just, they are even there like that rigid in life for themselves.
Richelle Direny: What is reality for you and work within. And remember, at least we've talked about, you're an amazing
Richelle Direny: Mom now in everything that you're doing. You're amazing. Mom, not just to your first children, but to your stepchildren
Richelle Direny: You're doing a whole world of things to the children that you have and you're keeping it together and you're consistent and you're there, they wake up and they see you. They go on come home from school, they see you the school call you, you're there.
Alyse: You understand. Yeah, you know. Yeah. Like, that's how I tried it on like like Xavier. Oh, I don't love you.
Alyse: You are you don't let me I don't love you. I'm sitting here on a freezing cold, snowy day you don't. I mean, trying to talk to these people.
Alyse: And try to talk to you and help you understand. I guess I told her, I said, I don't want you to think is a banshee and such. And because it's not
Alyse: You're a beautiful little boy, you don't mean you're smart, you know what I mean like tried a lot of know even I didn't crying because I was like, I know you can do so much better. You know what I mean.
Alyse: Like I don't love you guys. I don't care about you guys, but I do that like I'm there if you need me. You know, I mean, I might not take you to the store because you want this right now.
Alyse: But, you know, we get there, or I'm into school vouching for you, or I'm there to back you up when you're having a hard time with this friend, or I'm there to listen to you when you feel sad because she doesn't come. You know what I mean.
Alyse: Like, I'm sure. No, not the best I could be better, but I think I do a pretty dang good job. At least I try my ball short just like everybody else bullying me let me find those perfect fairy tale woman out here, they can do it all.
Alyse: Again, either.
Richelle Direny: They only exist or two.
Richelle Direny: And that's not even real. So it's it's you're doing the best you can.
Richelle Direny: And you have to be mindful that face.
Alyse: This, this girl on I wait, what do you need me for
Alyse: You to cook breakfast. Is that what you want with what just bacon, because that's all that there is there's no eggs.
Alyse: You want to get all the dishes out of there so I can get that done with kitchen can be cleaned before we cook. Sorry.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: You're doing and also be mindful that you're not setting the bar too high for yourself.
Richelle Direny: Because we all do we all set the bar super high for ourselves. And then when we don't reach those goals. Then we start becoming very hard in ourselves.
Alyse: So just be mindful, you know,
Richelle Direny: Be mindful, like what
Alyse: Future that you have created
Richelle Direny: Your mind of how life should look like for your family. What do you think of great mom. It's for a good mom because right now I'm telling you, think about your history where you were a few years ago to where you were, you were last
Year.
Richelle Direny: You're doing a phenomenal job you're doing better than most.
Richelle Direny: Knowing your history, knowing especially that you're in a relationship that is very rocky, you, you, you're going through it. You're doing a great job you're fighting to keep your family together you're fighting to do the things that you're doing, you're doing an amazing job and but you
Richelle Direny: You can't feel guilty when you don't
Richelle Direny: do certain things, or if you feel like know what I need to get away. You can't feel guilty for that.
Richelle Direny: The best of us feel that way.
Richelle Direny: The best of them.
Alyse: Was feel that way.
Richelle Direny: You just have to do you have to just give yourself credit for what you've done and just say, you know what, in order for me to be better at what it is that I'm doing. I really just
Richelle Direny: And what that time looks like even if it's just a half a day or a day.
Richelle Direny: And in the end, in that time that you're awake. Don't feel guilty that you are away.
Richelle Direny: Because we all do we all feel guilty. Once we I want the time I want the time and when you get it, you're like,
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I should I shouldn't be here. What do I need to go back home to the know you know you need to relax.
Richelle Direny: What is waiting for you will be a next set of problems that once you enter it. You're going to be like, Oh, I should have a
Richelle Direny: Day that I had a way
Alyse: Yeah, right. So,
Richelle Direny: I'm just be mindful of it.
Alyse: And
Richelle Direny: And but but honestly, I'm going to encourage you to have that conversation.
Alyse: Alright, okay. Alright, well,
Richelle Direny: Listen, Elise. I mean, I think you're doing so great.
Richelle Direny: You want to just check in. Once a month now.
Alyse: But if something. Can I, like message and say, Hey, do you have a minute or even text or. I mean, I don't know if this is your personal like even are you like, are we able just if there is something like going on.
Alyse: Want to
Richelle Direny: Reach out. Yeah.
Alyse: Hold on. Yeah, like I didn't just messaged you or or see if we can jump out and talk for a minute or something like that.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Um, we could even meet
Richelle Direny: My next morning session like this. If it's good for you.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, is so we can meet on the fifth of March, which is a Thursday at this time.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: And then
Richelle Direny: And then like, we'll just keep making it like a month.
Alyse: And if you ever need.
Richelle Direny: To send, send me a message.
Okay.
Alyse: So, and
Richelle Direny: For that day. If you check in early like you did. If you check in early, then we could just meet early and get it over with. Because I know
Alyse: And you shall we got babies.
Alyse: Along everybody else. Yeah. Yeah. And we got lucky this time so they they fall asleep. Usually they're upgrading while now so
Richelle Direny: Helpful. Alright, so on and I'll send you a message or a reminder from the fifth at nine. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, then. Bye.
Bye.
Need. Are you there.
Richelle Direny: Are you there.
Donita McClintic: Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I can hear you. What happened you checked in and then
Donita McClintic: I am with my phone up on the stand and it popped off and it to the sign off.
Donita McClintic: Oh yeah, I've had
Donita McClintic: The worst luck already this morning.
Donita McClintic: Yeah day
Donita McClintic: 30
Richelle Direny: You get my you got, I know you said you got my tech
Richelle Direny: One earlier.
Donita McClintic: Okay.
Donita McClintic: All right.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Donita McClintic: Okay, yep I these earphones. You're like, I can't do it. My yeah they're like interfering with the phone or something.
Donita McClintic: I don't know if you can hear, but it's like crazy in your ear.
Donita McClintic: I'm the only one here.
Richelle Direny: So,
Donita McClintic: I can get him. Okay. Okay.
Donita McClintic: All right.
Donita McClintic: I'm sorry, what is it,
Richelle Direny: No, I said, How's everything
Donita McClintic: Oh yeah, I mean,
Donita McClintic: It took a week to get my medicine.
Donita McClintic: That was fun.
The message. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, it still took Danielle, because where she's in California. She's four hours behind us. So she was called them when they were closed.
Donita McClintic: And I was like, oh my goodness, like a
Donita McClintic: But she took care of it Tuesday for me.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I was. That's the first time that I have been sick, since I started the program and I, oh my, no I'm everyone feel that again.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: And it made it was because where I didn't have any answers like I didn't know when I was going to get it again so that even you know messed with my head set made it worse.
Donita McClintic: It was horrible.
Donita McClintic: I'm glad it's over with.
Donita McClintic: And it's probably really was more of the mind is, you know, messing with me then actual sickness. I was I was ill.
Donita McClintic: I didn't get out of bed for a couple days and I cried, but
Donita McClintic: My head messed with the most I think about it.
Richelle Direny: But you're feeling a whole lot better now.
Donita McClintic: Oh yeah. Yes. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Okay, you got the day off today, sort of,
Richelle Direny: shore up the day off, Florida.
Richelle Direny: Sort of
Richelle Direny: Time on this one.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Which it actually
Works.
Donita McClintic: Because then people
More people are available.
Right.
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Richelle Direny: Review your treat. I want to
Donita McClintic: Review your
Richelle Direny: Where we are
Okay.
Donita McClintic: All right.
Donita McClintic: Please don't fall off again.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, like shot out at me and I caught it, and then it went off. But before that, my phone. I'm decided it had to do an update. I was like, You gotta be kidding me.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Donita McClintic: Ready to do. Yeah. Be ready to do this all morning.
Donita McClintic: And I'm like, I'm my mom when I die I'm going to have everybody. I'm going to follow the hearse going to follow everybody to the cemetery, because I'm always like, like that's how I'm going to do it because I'm like, I'm like, to my funeral. I swear to you. I am
Richelle Direny: Going to be following them.
Yep.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Funny, I get it from a mother.
Richelle Direny: When your mom was on with
Donita McClintic: Everything. Oh, yeah, yeah. My dad used to tell her, because I have four sisters, there's five girls and he used to tell my mom like Christmas dinner at his parents house would be like for which really be like seven but we get there, about seven
Donita McClintic: Because yeah, she's always late. She's gotten better since she's gotten older,
Donita McClintic: You don't have that many, you know, new kids to
Donita McClintic: chase after you're ready.
Donita McClintic: Three kids.
Donita McClintic: Wow.
Richelle Direny: kind of figure out what they're gonna wear
Richelle Direny: And what they want.
Donita McClintic: Yeah. Oh, it's crazy and I'm the oldest of five girls.
Richelle Direny: And you're always
You're always session.
Donita McClintic: It was crazy, crazy growing up.
Donita McClintic: But I miss it.
Donita McClintic: Together.
Richelle Direny: Outside Psychiatry's that you
See
Donita McClintic: I don't see she went to a different place and i don't i don't see her anymore. I need to probably make an appointment with another with somebody else, but I really haven't done that since I quit methadone.
Donita McClintic: But
Richelle Direny: Weren't you diagnosed
With
Donita McClintic: A manic bipolar with
Donita McClintic: Depression and anxiety.
Richelle Direny: And who prescribed to do you
Donita McClintic: Take any antidepressants or
Donita McClintic: No, I used to, but I, the doctor that left Rota somebody, but I when I quit methadone. I just click on there also.
Richelle Direny: You don't. You don't take any kind of medication for
Donita McClintic: Now know everything that they tried me on nothing nothing worked. I was on Klonopin which I can't take that with the Suboxone with this medicine.
Donita McClintic: Which I could with methadone. That doesn't make any sense. But
Donita McClintic: But anyway, so the with the medicine that they tried me on like for the bipolar and nothing work they tried me on Seroquel like 300 milligrams start now and I that it kept me up for days like it. I don't know, it's weird. It does the awesome
Donita McClintic: Know Seroquel Klonopin because I was having really bad panic attacks and
Donita McClintic: They took it away.
Donita McClintic: I never had an anxiety, panic attack whatever until I started methadone, which was weird, but I started having them like I i wanted to die like the way that it made me feel on the inside, was it's been worse. It was horrible.
Donita McClintic: It was horrible. And it just came on. I mean, out of nowhere. It was weird, but, um, they
Richelle Direny: Did you haven't had an
Episode
Donita McClintic: No, not like I used to have no no I get anxious and
Donita McClintic: Oh, I mean, not anything like I did before. Now,
Richelle Direny: Okay. OK. OK.
Richelle Direny: OK, they
Richelle Direny: Don't need to follow up with an
Donita McClintic: Outside therapists. Right. Right. No.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. Well, if you ever feel like you need to be on look at antidepressants. I would definitely recommend that you start seeing a psychiatrist.
Richelle Direny: So follow through on medication.
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah cuz I know that I'm like where I have both. Was it called a co a co um
Donita McClintic: Yeah, something
Richelle Direny: Co occurring means the Substance Abuse and Mental Health
Donita McClintic: Yeah, you're supposed to treat both of them at the same time, right.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Off of those meds.
Richelle Direny: Antidepressants
Richelle Direny: psychotropic medications.
Donita McClintic: Three about three years.
Donita McClintic: Oh yeah, three years.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it's always go to
Donita McClintic: The
Richelle Direny: Power walk if you want to follow up with
Richelle Direny: I mean,
Richelle Direny: But if it's been three years and they don't
Donita McClintic: Happen. I mean,
Richelle Direny: The are you
Richelle Direny: One wasn't happy.
Richelle Direny: You feel best of attraction house manager.
Donita McClintic: Um, yes, yes I do. Um, but I just
Donita McClintic: I'm gonna tell you what I've been doing to bring me. You're gonna probably think I'm crazy, but to make me in a better mood and it is I go on YouTube and I type in baby monkeys and you watch that it is. I love it. I love it. It makes me laugh.
Donita McClintic: Because the baby started little fits in. Am I telling them on my feet, but don't let it throw
Donita McClintic: It like i think you know just it brings. I love it. If you
Richelle Direny: Maybe
Donita McClintic: In the next
Richelle Direny: You know, in the next
Richelle Direny: Month or
Donita McClintic: Two.
Richelle Direny: So that I'm going to
Richelle Direny: Add
Richelle Direny: One of the things I'm going to recommend
You
Donita McClintic: All right.
Donita McClintic: Okay, okay.
Donita McClintic: You did. You don't go
Outside
Donita McClintic: The only issue is with us. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Maybe we can get back on.
Donita McClintic: Track with
Donita McClintic: Individuals every other week.
Donita McClintic: Okay. Yeah, I know. It was crazy. It got crazy. Then I forgot I mean not, I'm not gonna lie, like where I'm not used to doing it. Now think about it and I don't know. Yeah, no.
Richelle Direny: On it.
Was, you know, work.
Donita McClintic: You know, sure.
Question.
Richelle Direny: You know what was going on like
Donita McClintic: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now what do you do
Richelle Direny: During the day, like
Donita McClintic: Show Me want me
To read what is the normal
Donita McClintic: Um, YouTube.
Donita McClintic: I color a lot like these kind of
Donita McClintic: Things here like the, um, this is chillin on wind coloring book I do that a lot, because this. This slows down my my mind like I have to concentrate not go out of the line.
Donita McClintic: So that, like, it helps I journal. Like if something's bothering me or some I'll write it down. Write it out to get it out, um,
Donita McClintic: But basically, and then I've been watching my sister's kids in the evening. Now where she's a nurse, so I do. I've been doing that. But, uh, that's pretty much it.
Richelle Direny: Now, what about
Richelle Direny: I remember the last time.
Richelle Direny: You said
Richelle Direny: Early on when was the last
Donita McClintic: When was the last time I what
Did an entry.
Donita McClintic: I'm bored I'm journaling.
Donita McClintic: About
Donita McClintic: Like my gratitude journal
Richelle Direny: Well, is it a gratitude journal that you do, or just kind of
Like
Donita McClintic: I do both, but I'm
Donita McClintic: I'm not a secret my gratitude journal. I have not written in it for a couple of days.
Richelle Direny: What about your other
Donita McClintic: Um, it's been probably a couple days since I've written it to
Donita McClintic: Set out on paper. I kind of like texted would I texted it to my son so
Donita McClintic: I mean, I just didn't write it. I just, you know, type it.
Donita McClintic: Which was him and his girlfriend are having problems and I tried to be the, um,
Donita McClintic: They're younger like they're 19 and they it's the world is ended because you know how it is when the 19
Donita McClintic: So I tried to what I was
Richelle Direny: What the world is
Richelle Direny: They're having relationship.
Donita McClintic: Issues. Yeah. Yes. That's how they feel. That's how they act and I'm like you guys just done this a week ago.
Donita McClintic: I don't know drives me crazy. But so like instead of writing it out I you know texted it to them just telling them you know a relationship is 5050 and they have to. They have to, you know, be individuals.
Donita McClintic: Also in the relationship like and they don't, they're around each other all the time. That's the problem.
Donita McClintic: I just try. I tried to be the therapist.
Donita McClintic: But it made me feel better.
Donita McClintic: Yeah. It made me feel better. So
Donita McClintic: I don't know. He never responded to me. So I don't know how you felt about it.
Donita McClintic: But, um,
Richelle Direny: Maybe it's
Richelle Direny: Time to process it. But what about your other drone like
I'm
Richelle Direny: In terms of, like, how have you been feeling
Richelle Direny: And parcels, you said that you
Donita McClintic: Can just a little bit more lightning.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I mean I just
Donita McClintic: Know where that is the moment
Donita McClintic: It's been a few days since I've written in it.
Donita McClintic: Because I, I mean, honestly I just watched the monkeys.
Donita McClintic: I've been watching the monkeys and they make me don't know it's
Donita McClintic: A bit more relaxed. Yeah, it does it. Yeah, I love it. It makes me laugh. And when you know laughing I don't do that hardly ever
Donita McClintic: But, uh,
Donita McClintic: It just how they how the little babies act in their moms like just like jerk jerk up like you just really didn't know you just gotta watch it. It's hilarious. It's funny.
Donita McClintic: And I don't know. I was like, I want a monkey, but you can't have them in Ohio. You got it. I mean, you can, but it's a y'all have all kinds of other stuff get a monkey. I'm like, man, I want a monkey.
Donita McClintic: I just had a birthday on the 29th of January and asked my mom for a monkey. She said, No.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I would love to have a big monkey, probably not, because it probably get on my nerves after a while.
Donita McClintic: Because they grow up the babies grow up just like you. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: You're cute. And it just makes me laugh.
Donita McClintic: I know that's crazy in it.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of like your
Donita McClintic: Socialization. How does that change. So you get
Out.
Donita McClintic: Not, not really well. This last last week. I've been to a few different places with my husband did normally I don't know so
Donita McClintic: Little bit. A little bit. I have no way out to
Donita McClintic: Up to my sisters. My other sisters, I guess, but not like I used to. Before I was never home ever home, but I don't know I just
Donita McClintic: See you in the thought about it gives me anxiety. Really something not all the time, but
Donita McClintic: I worry I worried, my whole entire life about. I mean, I, you know, when I was a kid, probably for kindergarten. I was worrying and I wish I could turn it off, but I can't.
Donita McClintic: So, in my mind, you know, I don't play down all the things that can happen on your trip to town to the grocery store to where I don't want to go.
Donita McClintic: Or if I do go, I'll go like two or three o'clock in the morning because there's you know Walmart whether there's hardly anybody there because
Donita McClintic: I can't do all the people
Donita McClintic: So, I mean,
Donita McClintic: But I feel like I want to get a job. So
Donita McClintic: In order to do that, I'm gonna have to be around people.
Richelle Direny: Well, why
Donita McClintic: I have four associate degrees. I used to be. Well, I started out housekeeping at a hotel, and then I worked my way up to sales assistant and then I was executive bookkeeper and then I dumb billing for our know carriers and then babysat for the rest of the time, really, um,
Donita McClintic: I was at the hotel for eight years. I have an associate's degree in accounting business medical office administration and executive office administration.
Donita McClintic: But where I live. There is no there's no jobs around here. And at the time, like
Donita McClintic: I missed my kids growing up, really. I mean, I worked all the time I was became a single mom, and then you know work full time. Then I went to school at night full time I see my kids on the weekend.
Donita McClintic: And I so Jaden was like he was four weeks old, when I went back to work. And he was eight, when I quit a job job.
Donita McClintic: Because I said I, you know, this part of his life was going to be home with them and whatever. But really, I think, that hurt myself. I hurt myself. By doing that, but
Donita McClintic: I don't know. There were spoiled brats. And then they reminded me of things they didn't couldn't wasn't getting any more slow kids wouldn't do that.
Donita McClintic: Because I wasn't working, you know, I can't go by in the whatever
Donita McClintic: But I have to do you have, you have a daughter. I know you have a daughter, is that all you have. Yeah, I have to know I have two boys.
Donita McClintic: And I gave her my life. I can't believe they're like of age, and I got a grandbaby but I don't get to see here
Donita McClintic: Yeah, that's like that, but
Richelle Direny: What your son, you have a grant what your one of your songs
Donita McClintic: Yeah, my oldest one Austin. He is 23 he had she she will be to Ma, but also, and I are not have anything to do with their because the mother.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Your son.
Donita McClintic: Is not
Donita McClintic: Anything to do with her. Right. Right. Yeah. So, um, she's done, they're gone to some other guy pregnant again.
Donita McClintic: Mom passion often his ex girlfriend, she's already moved on with another guy and is pregnant again with another baby.
Richelle Direny: Oh what is
Richelle Direny: What is it
Donita McClintic: Um, she because before this baby was born, they were on Facebook. And they said, Austin was a deadbeat dad. And this is all I said
Donita McClintic: I said, How do you know that when the baby isn't here yet. I said, you're probably right. I mean I agreed with them because I mean his dad was
Donita McClintic: I wish you wouldn't like that. But I mean, Austin. I knew he was going to be there because often as ANXIETY HE REALLY CAN'T leave the house like he's worse than I am and I'm bad, but um
Donita McClintic: I already knew what it was going to be when he told me that she was pregnant, and I wish it wasn't like that for him but
Donita McClintic: She got pregnant on purpose, like she was trying to get pregnant, she didn't. They didn't know each other like you should have learned that he doesn't go nowhere before you try to
Donita McClintic: I don't know, but since I, you know, called her out on. I don't know their kids, their kids.
Donita McClintic: We were allowed to be there when the baby was born, but we I've never even got to touch her not to hold her or anything. And it's funny because Nevada is her name. She looks just like me. When I was a baby. Like, I think that's so funny, like, haha.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, we're not having to do with you but you're looking at me every day.
Richelle Direny: There you go.
Richelle Direny: What you said that you you and your dad and already
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Yeah, uh,
Donita McClintic: Huh.
Richelle Direny: Don't take anything for being gliding
Donita McClintic: Huh. No.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, we definitely need to look into.
Richelle Direny: Social anxiety.
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah
Donita McClintic: And I was, I'd never had that until after I overdose. After I overdose.
Donita McClintic: That's when I
Got it, got real serious
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah
Donita McClintic: See, when I don't know how long I was out like without
Donita McClintic: Oxygen or whatever they thought I was where they said I should have been brain dead like they were shocked that
Donita McClintic: We didn't show or hide anything wrong with me anyway but like a few days after I was home and whatever, like all these
Donita McClintic: It was all this stuff to start a poor and through my mind. I can mark he signed go on 500 directions and you got to try to pick what wine, you know, what if it hasn't stopped since so I'm not brain dead, but I did miss myself all something is not right there.
Donita McClintic: But yeah
Donita McClintic: It drives me crazy.
Richelle Direny: So when you say something's not right. What do you mean
Richelle Direny: How do you feel
Donita McClintic: Just there's so much I worry even. I mean, I don't know how you worry more, but I do it, I mean,
Donita McClintic: It's continuous about everything, like I i feel like
Donita McClintic: I'm like a, what's the word. What's the person that's always negative. And you know everything.
Donita McClintic: I I've always got to find something negative about whatever is going away and I hated about myself like I want to have fun and whatever. But if I'm always the one. It's like bringing everybody downtown know being a mom.
Richelle Direny: But I'm like that before.
Donita McClintic: No, I mean I worried I was the warrior, but not like not to the extent I do. No.
No.
Donita McClintic: No like
Richelle Direny: After the overdose, you
Richelle Direny: started worrying.
Donita McClintic: Yeah. Yes.
Donita McClintic: And like I said, I mean, I really haven't. You're the first person I really talk to to that about
Donita McClintic: My family, they don't
Donita McClintic: They understand anyway. I mean, you know, when I tried to explain to them. I'm just so embarrassed and ashamed of myself that I just bought like I it makes nine one talk about it. Like, let's just forget about that even happened, but I can't.
Donita McClintic: I can't do that. I've tried. What do you mean, perhaps
Or
Richelle Direny: Do you think that your
Negative solve
Donita McClintic: Your negative way of thinking kind of
Richelle Direny: Isolate you constantly think about change that to the track.
Donita McClintic: Yeah. Yeah, I think so.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, any
Richelle Direny: Prior to
Richelle Direny: Your family or
Donita McClintic: Your trying to
We're
Donita McClintic: Kind of US I've taught. I've talked to my mom about
Donita McClintic: Things when we're by ourselves. My, my step dad, he's who I consider my dad. I mean, my real dad passed away, but my step dad, he's my dad, you know, he raised me
Donita McClintic: He has
Donita McClintic: He does the reverse psychology. He thinks that he can be mean to you is, you know, go to make you be not go do whatever I like that that that doesn't work like that. It's like, I think.
Donita McClintic: Like maybe it's gonna make me cry. Like I told my mom like, I don't feel like a man. I know they're embarrassed to me and and I mean my the second my my next sister Mark Marquis de she had
Donita McClintic: She had, she has addiction. Also, she's been cleaning for like four years now, I think. But, um, we will try to talk to him about it and we're
Donita McClintic: He just he so mean to us and I take everything to heart. He sarcastic been he's been that way. My whole life, and I still. I know. He's kidding on something. Don't make some SHY, HUH.
Richelle Direny: This is your biological father or your
Donita McClintic: Mother my step dad, my step. Yeah, my step dad.
Donita McClintic: He but but I look at him like he is my you know that's he raised me
Donita McClintic: My road that passed away in 2002
But
Donita McClintic: But it's like I tell my mom.
Donita McClintic: Like I just want him to love me and but i mean i know that he does, but I know that he looks at me different it bothers me. It really bothers me.
Donita McClintic: I'm
Donita McClintic: Like I've tried to talk to them before and it just turns into a big argument. So it's better. And then I put pressure on my mom and whatever side is try to
Donita McClintic: Let it go.
Donita McClintic: But
Donita McClintic: Like I've looked at this. I mean, he is the reason
Donita McClintic: Why I mean you he made me who I kept my family, you know, we're from
Donita McClintic: We could be the first one to graduate high school out of there were 14 cousins older than me.
Donita McClintic: I don't know. I've always tried to do everything by the book, like I still to this day, I just turned 42 years old and I still am afraid of being getting in trouble.
Donita McClintic: With my parents like I'm gonna be in trouble with my mom and dad because of whatever like I'm scared to death. Like, I'm gonna get grounded or something.
Donita McClintic: I don't understand. Well, that's how I feel. Still today. I've never told no. Shut up. Nothing like nothing like that ever ever done with my parents, but it's like in my mind, I'm still I still try to do everything right by by him and
Donita McClintic: Then I'm did really, really wrong.
Donita McClintic: Like, I can't even imagine like I have, I have two kids. I can't imagine what that phone call must have been like for my mom.
Donita McClintic: Because, I mean, I was doing good. I quit methadone i had i mean cold turkey acquitted cold turkey for two or three months I had. And you know, I was doing great. And then one day.
Donita McClintic: I had. There's so much going on. I was like, one more time is not going to hurt in our ciroma it hurt. That's what hurts the most, but I can't even as a parent. I can't imagine what phone call was like for her them.
Yeah, it
Donita McClintic: bothers me.
Out word
Free to
Richelle Direny: open dialogue with your
Richelle Direny: Mom and Dad.
Donita McClintic: Conversations with them.
Or you kind of
Donita McClintic: Yeah, yeah, we have alone. I mean, yeah, we was we talked about everything. My mom was my best friend, but
Donita McClintic: Then when it came because how I got started with was
Donita McClintic: With a doctor prescribing medicine. I had endometriosis and had to have a hysterectomy. When I was 24
Donita McClintic: And at that time, this was like all in the beginning where no you didn't hear about, you know, stuff like that. So I done what my doctor said to do because that's how we know that's how I thought that you done
Donita McClintic: It and then my dad. I mean, he started calling us like showing off in front of like other family members is how I said he would call us Viking queens or Percocet, whatever. Just little stuff like that, um,
Donita McClintic: It's like okay, you don't want me doing stuff and you keep turning into my face, which makes me think about it. So I'm gonna go do a like he got it wrong. He was just not good at that stuff.
Donita McClintic: But
Donita McClintic: I'm
Sure what some degree.
Or mental
Donita McClintic: Going
Donita McClintic: No, no. Now he corrected us if we don't send me one supposed to do we, I mean, we got weapon. We didn't clean the house, you know, do our chores, whatever. But other than that, no, I have to time I thought that was abuse.
Donita McClintic: But it wasn't
Donita McClintic: It was not abuse. I'm glad that he that we was raised, like that because
Donita McClintic: I have a clean house. You know, I have respected morals and I mean I'm a mess up here and there, but
Donita McClintic: I still
Donita McClintic: I know what I'm supposed to be doing anyway.
Donita McClintic: I don't know, I just, I got a big heart like I just stuff just bothers me. It always, I don't know, like I'm a people pleaser. Forget about my cell.
Donita McClintic: And
Donita McClintic: I asked one like my grandma, my mom, my mom's mother.
Donita McClintic: She was like,
Donita McClintic: She was my
Donita McClintic: When she passed away. That was like when I like I felt like I didn't have anybody to
Donita McClintic: Make proud, you know, some be proud of me like I wanted my grandma and she was. But when she passed away. I felt like I didn't have them wanting, even though I did you know I got my parents. I got my own kids. But my mind was, I was very close with my grandma and
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: I don't like it.
Richelle Direny: So when did your grandmother
Donita McClintic: 2009
Donita McClintic: JUNE JUNE 12 2009
Donita McClintic: She had a
Donita McClintic: General well she had severe kidney disease. But what God or was lung cancer chatter for like three months.
Donita McClintic: Um, so, and I have bad kidneys to runs in the fight. My mom does I've got them.
Donita McClintic: Kidney stones. Oh, they're horrible. I just had. I think I have one now.
Donita McClintic: It's I hate it. I've had like 20 some surgeries, because they have to go in and scoop the stone out or put a stent in or something and
Donita McClintic: Where I'd rather have babies. Then can you soon ever again.
Donita McClintic: And that's, you know, like my mom told me the other day. She's like, go the doctor. I was like, no.
Donita McClintic: I don't want to go the doctor because I don't
Donita McClintic: I mean I, it's not that because they don't give you medicine anymore.
Donita McClintic: When you go into a doctor's office. You are looked at automatically like you're just there for medicine and they
Donita McClintic: To me they don't do their job trying to find out what's wrong. So if I go in and say, I think I have a kidney stone and they tell me that I don't instead of them trying to figure out what's wrong. You know what I mean, like they just
Donita McClintic: So I just go go unless you know it's really about I'll go but
Donita McClintic: I just hate the how we're looked at
Donita McClintic: And I mean done it to herself. I mean, I know that.
Donita McClintic: Probably, yeah.
Are you pretty cool.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, well, we used to be. We should be really close. I mean, we still we have Sunday dinner every Sunday.
Donita McClintic: But here's the thing with the hat, um,
Donita McClintic: I can't be in a room with like more than five people and all the kids running around and screaming
Donita McClintic: It's like, yeah, so I have to like excuse myself go somewhere where it's quiet for a minute and like I can only do it for so long because it makes me crazy. Like it drives me it's just all the noise.
Donita McClintic: Is
Donita McClintic: I have a big family.
Donita McClintic: But when we started having kids and stuff. I told my
Donita McClintic: Parents like we're going to start having Sunday dinner in your house, you got to cook and they've been doing that since 2000 so
Donita McClintic: We still do it.
Donita McClintic: Not everybody comes but
Richelle Direny: Everybody doesn't come
Donita McClintic: Up sometimes like my one sister. She lives in West Virginia, and she will make it out my other sister this some sometimes we're all not there together.
Donita McClintic: The last time we were all together was on Christmas, but it wasn't for very long because you know they have to run
Donita McClintic: Take their kids to other grandparents and stuff like that but
Donita McClintic: I've always been a big family person. I mean, which I got from my grandma. Like, I mean, I don't mean just my immediate family. I mean, like the whole family like, you know, playing in the family reunions and
Donita McClintic: All that and since my grandma passed away. We don't do any we've had like two family reunions. I think since she passed away, but
Donita McClintic: It's i don't know i i tried to, you know, keep everybody together and it
Donita McClintic: Doesn't always pan out
Richelle Direny: I mean, it seems like very there.
Donita McClintic: Are many different
Richelle Direny: Areas that
Donita McClintic: You know,
The
Richelle Direny: Sound like you have
Donita McClintic: Outside of the low something
Richelle Direny: That oppression that never
Richelle Direny: Saw thinking you
Richelle Direny: Seem like you're
Richelle Direny: How you keep everything can
Donita McClintic: Everyone look
Richelle Direny: At how
Donita McClintic: Do you work in the past when
Richelle Direny: You have not seen yourself.
Donita McClintic: As someone who is
Richelle Direny: Living a sober life that
Donita McClintic: We're covering and doing they
Richelle Direny: PROBABLY HAVEN'T EVEN
Richelle Direny: Seen your focus back
Donita McClintic: On you look at yourself in the car, you still see this old person and
Still haven't really
Richelle Direny: Not necessarily, you've got
Richelle Direny: The when you overdose. Did you still you still have that in
Donita McClintic: Your head.
Richelle Direny: When you overdose.
Richelle Direny: And you're worried about your
Richelle Direny: Which is what you're saying.
Donita McClintic: How everybody
Richelle Direny: thinks of you.
Richelle Direny: And how disappointed. They
Richelle Direny: Are in you.
Donita McClintic: Ultimately,
Richelle Direny: What you're doing
Donita McClintic: Is you're displacing
Richelle Direny: All of your thoughts and feelings on to every one.
Donita McClintic: Else.
Richelle Direny: When those are really
Donita McClintic: personal struggles. Right.
Richelle Direny: disappointed in yourself for
Donita McClintic: What you have done.
Richelle Direny: More disappointing to
Richelle Direny: Look at yourself.
Richelle Direny: In the mirror.
Donita McClintic: And you still see the person
Richelle Direny: Spec
Richelle Direny: Troubles with everything that
Richelle Direny: They've
Donita McClintic: Struggled with their trash.
Richelle Direny: And
Donita McClintic: It be resolved.
Richelle Direny: To don't look at yourself.
Richelle Direny: Even as a mother, you
Richelle Direny: may think that you're not necessarily a worthy.
Donita McClintic: Mother, your
Richelle Direny: Mother and your
Richelle Direny: Grandmother.
Richelle Direny: You see yourself as unworthy, but it's
Richelle Direny: All those horrible insult that negative
Self.
Richelle Direny: Is what we have to work on that.
Richelle Direny: Because
Richelle Direny: Track are always going to
Richelle Direny: So it's kind of like
Richelle Direny: You if
Donita McClintic: You and I are speaking out and then your mind.
Richelle Direny: Your mind is telling you
Donita McClintic: That she doesn't think that
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: Good enough.
Donita McClintic: She doesn't think
Richelle Direny: I'm did that and that's all your phone.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Your dark
Richelle Direny: Even if a person is
Richelle Direny: Telling you
Richelle Direny: Even if your parents are telling you you know what
Richelle Direny: Sonny know
Richelle Direny: We're so proud of you. We're
Donita McClintic: So proud of the
Richelle Direny: Progress.
Richelle Direny: That you've made.
Your head you hit here.
Donita McClintic: I
Richelle Direny: Have a hard time because she's probably watching
Richelle Direny: How much
Those times
Donita McClintic: Right.
Donita McClintic: I mean, I don't know.
Donita McClintic: That's the questions right
Richelle Direny: How much do you love
Donita McClintic: You
Richelle Direny: Who you need to think that done either is worthy one Danilo
Richelle Direny: looks at how she
Richelle Direny: Is deceptive that I
Richelle Direny: Have a past because
Richelle Direny: This is the reality. You can't undo.
Richelle Direny: What has happened in the past.
Richelle Direny: You can only own it.
Richelle Direny: It happens. Now using it as
Donita McClintic: A tool.
Richelle Direny: To
Work through
Richelle Direny: Each step of
Donita McClintic: Your recovery.
Richelle Direny: To maintain your sobriety. It's looking
Donita McClintic: At the struggles that you've had in
Donita McClintic: The past and how those trouble.
Donita McClintic: Maintaining maintains
Your addiction.
Richelle Direny: You understand what I'm
Richelle Direny: Thinking about all of those troubles and
Richelle Direny: All of those negative
Donita McClintic: Self thinking
Donita McClintic: Of yourself and everything else around you.
Richelle Direny: How that
Donita McClintic: within itself has maintains
Donita McClintic: Your struggles with addictions.
Richelle Direny: And at some point in
Donita McClintic: Time, maybe after the
Overdose
Richelle Direny: started saying
Donita McClintic: Okay, I'm not pulling out
Richelle Direny: My
Donita McClintic: Tasks and the things that I
Richelle Direny: Struggle with two main things
Richelle Direny: That addiction.
Richelle Direny: But I'm going to
Donita McClintic: Overcome
Richelle Direny: That addiction, so
Richelle Direny: How long have you
Richelle Direny: Been
Richelle Direny: On this journey.
Donita McClintic: Some
Donita McClintic: Four years. But every 24 years
Donita McClintic: Have February 10 made for years.
Donita McClintic: Okay.
Donita McClintic: So for four years and still
Richelle Direny: Have pain.
Richelle Direny: And have pros you
Richelle Direny: Think
Donita McClintic: You've chosen us
Donita McClintic: How has that journey.
Donita McClintic: For you.
Donita McClintic: It's been crazy
Richelle Direny: But let me ask you.
Richelle Direny: Think about
Any
Has there been bumps.
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: You allow
Us.
Donita McClintic: No, I wouldn't. Now,
Richelle Direny: I'm back. I
Donita McClintic: Was
Donita McClintic: Expecting
Donita McClintic: I have
Richelle Direny: Allowed
Donita McClintic: That's when you start
When you're driving
So like I
Donita McClintic: Like
Donita McClintic: Either either
Richelle Direny: These are not
Donita McClintic: These are your taste in the road like Eric, please.
Richelle Direny: VOTE
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: When you get
Donita McClintic: Right over where it goes.
Donita McClintic: Right maneuver in
Richelle Direny: Your journey.
Donita McClintic: You're not going to succeed.
Donita McClintic: Right.
Donita McClintic: Work.
Under
Donita McClintic: Understood.
And after
Richelle Direny: Something is
Donita McClintic: Harmful what is
Richelle Direny: A problem in the road that is
Donita McClintic: Altering the integrity
Richelle Direny: Of the road.
Richelle Direny: This situation has just arrived.
Richelle Direny: It's a small one.
Richelle Direny: Situations. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Why do
Richelle Direny: I have to
Donita McClintic: My emotions.
Richelle Direny: And my
Negative sauce.
Richelle Direny: But you have to
Donita McClintic: Own that
Donita McClintic: I'm not one to let this little diffuse
Richelle Direny: set me back.
Richelle Direny: To find a way to get around.
Donita McClintic: Right.
Donita McClintic: You get around louder.
Richelle Direny: I can't be bothered. Let me go back.
Donita McClintic: Right. Yeah, that makes sense.
Donita McClintic: You understand, so I never looked at it. I mean, I've never put you're exactly right. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So this whole thing.
Richelle Direny: While you're on this road because
Donita McClintic: There's going to be bumps. Right.
Richelle Direny: Little
Donita McClintic: You know disruption in the road.
Donita McClintic: But then we'll throw the
Donita McClintic: Towel you graduate, me and told me
Richelle Direny: My car crash.
Richelle Direny: Time months ago.
Donita McClintic: Right.
Richelle Direny: I mean, you
Richelle Direny: Have to work so many, so now you're thinking about all
Richelle Direny: These things
Richelle Direny: But what do you do
Donita McClintic: Are you wanting to think about how can I figure out a way around it.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, definitely.
Richelle Direny: You understand secret.
Richelle Direny: And I
Think about
Richelle Direny: Not allowing
Donita McClintic: The emotion Thracian doing is taking
Richelle Direny: Because if I am not in
Donita McClintic: The emotion.
Donita McClintic: Of frustrations is going to overtake me I'm
Donita McClintic: Thinking negative
Richelle Direny: Worth
Donita McClintic: And then I'm
Out of frustration.
Richelle Direny: When I
Donita McClintic: Got home now.
It's going to create
Donita McClintic: Things like alignment and you're gonna have to a lot
A lot
Donita McClintic: Doesn't make sense.
For me,
Richelle Direny: Not
Donita McClintic: To
Donita McClintic: Me.
Donita McClintic: Because my frustration.
Donita McClintic: Right, getting angry.
Richelle Direny: Is went to make me make a bad decision.
Sorry.
Richelle Direny: I'm in
Donita McClintic: I'm in control of the church.
Richelle Direny: And I'm going
Richelle Direny: To not allow
Richelle Direny: Right. Do
Richelle Direny: What frustration.
Donita McClintic: Is dangerous enough
Donita McClintic: Cost me about $300
Donita McClintic: You get a new car, a new
Donita McClintic: Tire suffix the alignments.
Richelle Direny: And it's going to
Richelle Direny: Bathroom when you're out. But I have to do something with. Now I have to use
frustration and anger.
Donita McClintic: Right.
Donita McClintic: It didn't tell me more.
Donita McClintic: And then that just causes more
Donita McClintic: And more and more perspiration.
Richelle Direny: Deeper and deeper
Richelle Direny: In the hole.
Donita McClintic: Here it is that in front of nice on either
Donita McClintic: Relax.
Donita McClintic: We got it.
Donita McClintic: Let's try to figure this fast right
Richelle Direny: I see smoothness.
Richelle Direny: Of in front of us.
Donita McClintic: We just got to get your a way to get around.
Donita McClintic: Right, we're going to slowly get around it.
Donita McClintic: You just have to
Richelle Direny: Learn how
Richelle Direny: To accept
What happened in
Donita McClintic: Practice only
Donita McClintic: Is what it
Donita McClintic: Is that I can think about
Richelle Direny: What
Donita McClintic: Was going on with
Donita McClintic: In my past.
Richelle Direny: And why did I make decisions. What emotions over me what sad.
Donita McClintic: Why are handled it the way I handled.
Donita McClintic: So same situations and
Donita McClintic: tackles now.
Richelle Direny: Nice today.
Richelle Direny: Now how in
Donita McClintic: A healthier way. How can I see troubleshooting around
Richelle Direny: I am not going to allow
Anything.
Richelle Direny: So,
Donita McClintic: For
Donita McClintic: You know what I want you to work on.
Richelle Direny: It when we're going to work on.
Donita McClintic: Each of our two
Donita McClintic: In your journaling.
Richelle Direny: Anytime.
Donita McClintic: Whether it's during the day, anytime
Richelle Direny: Something
Donita McClintic: That you feel is your
Donita McClintic: negative emotion.
I want you to write it.
Donita McClintic: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And when your
Richelle Direny: Your emotions of
Richelle Direny: Hopelessness
Donita McClintic: You know your
Donita McClintic: Work, whatever that is. I want you to write
Donita McClintic: Sony
Donita McClintic: In
Richelle Direny: owning it.
Richelle Direny: What is that what what
Donita McClintic: thoughts come along with
Donita McClintic: The how you can transfer actions. Right. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: I just said, I know I understand what you're saying. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, see what
Donita McClintic: When I like when all I can. The beginning, and when I actually came out and said, for the first time I have a problem like I knew my, you know, my, my parents don't know what they're talking about. But then I was like, okay, I got a problem.
Donita McClintic: I always was like, Okay, I'm going to go back to you know who I was when I was 27 and you know it took me a long time before I realized that no matter what I do. I'm never going to be that person ever again. And that like that, like, you know,
Donita McClintic: bothered me for a long time because here in my mind is like, Okay, I'm gonna go back to you this great person they you know love to drop and and it's like, I've never, no matter what. I will never be that person ever again.
Donita McClintic: And
Richelle Direny: You can't be that person again.
Donita McClintic: I mean because of
Donita McClintic: That I mean the things I've experienced I'm
Donita McClintic: Expected
Richelle Direny: experiences you've had a
Donita McClintic: Lot of experiences.
Donita McClintic: You've gone to one person.
Richelle Direny: Or you can try.
Donita McClintic: To
Richelle Direny: Be either better than
Donita McClintic: The first one
Donita McClintic: From the experiences.
Richelle Direny: Where you want both back to
Donita McClintic: What
Donita McClintic: Life has
Donita McClintic: Presented and how you
Donita McClintic: Handled your
Donita McClintic: Industry this little
Time as
Donita McClintic: You can see
Donita McClintic: Is that
Richelle Direny: Think about the example.
Donita McClintic: That I gave
Richelle Direny: You will hear every
Every
Donita McClintic: Right.
Donita McClintic: You have
Donita McClintic: So there was a major
Donita McClintic: Role
Richelle Direny: And I will
Richelle Direny: If I
Richelle Direny: Sound frustration.
Donita McClintic: Inverse
Richelle Direny: To slow me down because
Donita McClintic: This was slowing me down.
Right.
Donita McClintic: This pothole has slowed me down.
Richelle Direny: If
Richelle Direny: I allow a
Donita McClintic: Person to get ahold of me and told me
Richelle Direny: It's going to cost me
Richelle Direny: 123456 yes I'm saying
Donita McClintic: Yes.
But if I stop.
Richelle Direny: Then
Donita McClintic: It's not going to set me back.
Donita McClintic: It's going to allow me this fast.
Donita McClintic: Right.
Donita McClintic: Yes, I do.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Pretty good.
Donita McClintic: It's
Donita McClintic: Friday.
Your fear of house.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, yes, there
Donita McClintic: Is
Donita McClintic: A big about it. It's like you don't remember.
Donita McClintic: I don't know if you ever had when you were younger, and
Richelle Direny: Younger
Donita McClintic: And you have like to go to. You have one
Richelle Direny: That showed up.
Richelle Direny: In your mind.
Richelle Direny: You think this
Donita McClintic: Is like
Richelle Direny: People like no cure for two seconds.
You
May see
Richelle Direny: And they're talking
Donita McClintic: The whole time you're
Richelle Direny: In your mind is reflected
Richelle Direny: In after what you realize they sleep on
Donita McClintic: Your face you
Donita McClintic: Know, guess what.
Richelle Direny: You're the only one that traffic.
Richelle Direny: Conscious your so shelf.
Donita McClintic: After that,
Donita McClintic: All you can see what people think people
Donita McClintic: Are not worried about because
Donita McClintic: They're worried about the
Donita McClintic: Orange.
Donita McClintic: Right, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm worried about Thomas raiders.
Donita McClintic: Fans. Yep. I do. Yes, I do.
Donita McClintic: Our mind.
Donita McClintic: Our mind create these distractions.
And with the distraction.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yes.
Donita McClintic: So you know what let's just start with
Donita McClintic: Just keep science.
part of your daily
Donita McClintic: You're just going to
Donita McClintic: Record.
Richelle Direny: Whatever.
Donita McClintic: dresser your space with or
Donita McClintic: Whatever overwhelming interface.
Donita McClintic: Creating overwhelming.
Donita McClintic: What negative thoughts came along.
And what skills.
Donita McClintic: Will actually
Turn that negative
Donita McClintic: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I'll be joining or instead of doing the group or how I've been told. And once a month. I think she I'm going to do it like every two weeks, or whatever. So, like, I'll be there. I'll do group next Tuesday. So into every month. Now, we don't have three times a month, I guess, Dr. Jason
Donita McClintic: I said I was like, why did you send that in the beginning like
Donita McClintic: I just didn't do I didn't, you know, didn't think I had to do it, but it does help. It does.
Donita McClintic: Let's do that.
Let's do
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I should be. I mean, the only thing I
Donita McClintic: Yeah. As of right now. Yes, my
Donita McClintic: my nephews is in the evening. So yeah, I should be
Donita McClintic: At 11 march 5
Donita McClintic: I know it was weird. I was just telling my husband about my our group or or
Donita McClintic: meeting today. And then you said a text. And I was like, See, there she is.
Donita McClintic: The last time I I tried to text you the one or
Donita McClintic: One time before and I thought it went through, but like later on as I was looking through my phone. It had a red thing on it like he never said I was like oh my gosh yeah but it was
Donita McClintic: A message when I
Donita McClintic: When I sent you the message today when I text you today.
Richelle Direny: That number
Donita McClintic: One number that
Richelle Direny: Message me on that.
Donita McClintic: All right.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I should Wi Fi or I should be I'm available on
Donita McClintic: Okay.
Richelle Direny: What time
Donita McClintic: Eight o'clock.
Donita McClintic: On Tuesday evenings.
With me
Richelle Direny: Alright, so
Donita McClintic: Okay.
Donita McClintic: What's your weather like they're so warm. Oh, yes.
Donita McClintic: Oh my god.
Donita McClintic: Is like freezing here freezing
Richelle Direny: Well hey
Donita McClintic: For someone
Donita McClintic: It's
Donita McClintic: Like the cold. I'm done with it, and I can get a monkey and for
Richelle Direny: A lot of snowbirds
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah
Donita McClintic: Florida.
Richelle Direny: I'll see you
Richelle Direny: Tomorrow. Tomorrow night at eight o'clock. Okay.
Donita McClintic: All right, you have a good rest of your day.
Richelle Direny: Bye.